OSDOCS-16409: Cluster Admin CQAs (#116629)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-cluster-resource-configure-jdk.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Java Virtual Machine (JVM) memory layout is complex, version dependent, and describing it in detail is beyond the scope of this documentation. However, as a starting point for running OpenJDK in a container, at least the following three memory-related tasks are key:
```

----

Encouraging the JVM to release unused memory to the operating system, if appropriate::
By default, the OpenJDK does not aggressively return unused memory to the operating system. This could be ap

> propriate for many containerized Java workloads, but notable exceptions include workloads where additional active processes co-exist with a JVM within a container, whether those additional processes are native, additional JVMs, or a combination of the two.

Reviewer: The word "appropriate" got split across two lines, which renders as "ap propriate" with a visible space.

```suggestion
By default, the OpenJDK does not aggressively return unused memory to the operating system. This could be appropriate for many containerized Java workloads, but notable exceptions include workloads where additional active processes co-exist with a JVM within a container, whether those additional processes are native, additional JVMs, or a combination of the two.
```
